README.md, before:

# Deep Learning Road map

Here is a list of high quality resources for anyone intending to dive into deep learning world. The list consists of different types of material including textbooks, video courses, and blog posts. Some of theme may overlap, but it doesn't hurt to read something you already know from the perspective of another expert.

### This list consists of three major parts:
* **Part one: pre-requisites** which covers the topics you must master (or at least get familiar with) in order to start studying deep learning. If you are already familiar with the the requirements, you can skip the resources mentioned in this part. However it can also be used as means of reviewing.  

* **Part two: deep learning basics** where the magic starts. This section covers some sources about deep learning theory and also tools and implementations.  

* **Part three: we need to get deeper.** This is where you have to choose what you want to master. Here are some resources about deep learning and its use cases in different fields. These fields include (but it's not limited to) computer vision, natural language processing, autonomous cars, etc. Don't get afraid if the list gets too long. You don't have to read them all :)


## Part one: pre-requisites
To tackle deep learning, you must at least be familiar with the following:
  * programming
  * basic mathematics and statistics (high school level)
  * machine learning
Although this list aims to go in depth for deep learning, I have gathered a small list of resources for these three pre-requisites.

### Programming
* [Learn Python The Hard Way](https://learnpythonthehardway.org/python3/)  
  In contrast to its own name, this book teaches python in a straightforward and to the point way.


### Math
* [Mathematics for Machine Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-machine-learning)  
  This specialization covers the basics of mathematics needed in deep learning, including linear algebra and multivariate calculus.  


* [Practical Statistics for Data Scientists, 2nd Edition](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/practical-statistics-for/9781492072935/)  
  This O'Reilly book covers some useful concepts in statistics and probability, and their implementation in both R and Python programming languages.  



### Machine learning
* [Data Science from Scratch, 2nd Edition](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/data-science-from/9781492041122/)  
  This book covers different aspects of working with data, including visualization and modeling. What makes it different from the rest is that it tries to avoid pre-written tools and aims to expose the reader to the underlying concepts first. This gives the reader a deeper understanding of data science which will become handy when things get harder :)  


* [Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow, 2nd Edition \(First part only)](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/hands-on-machine-learning/9781492032632/)    
This is probably the most famous book for machine learning, and for good reason. It both covers the theory and practical aspects of the game. It consists of two parts: the first covers classic machine learning and the second half is focused on deep learning. The first half is the only part you must undergo before starting your deep learning journey.



## Part two: deep learning basics

-- soon --


## Part three: we need to get deeper
 -- soon --

Commit message:

add deep learning specialization and famous scikit-keras book

README.md, after:

# Deep Learning Road map

Here is a list of high quality resources for anyone intending to dive into deep learning world. The list consists of different types of material including textbooks, video courses, and blog posts. Some of theme may overlap, but it doesn't hurt to read something you already know from the perspective of another expert.

### This list consists of three major parts:
* **Part one: pre-requisites** which covers the topics you must master (or at least get familiar with) in order to start studying deep learning. If you are already familiar with the the requirements, you can skip the resources mentioned in this part. However it can also be used as means of reviewing.  

* **Part two: deep learning basics** where the magic starts. This section covers some sources about deep learning theory and also tools and implementations.  

* **Part three: we need to get deeper.** This is where you have to choose what you want to master. Here are some resources about deep learning and its use cases in different fields. These fields include (but it's not limited to) computer vision, natural language processing, autonomous cars, etc. Don't get afraid if the list gets too long. You don't have to read them all :)


## Part one: pre-requisites
To tackle deep learning, you must at least be familiar with the following:
  * programming
  * basic mathematics and statistics (high school level)
  * machine learning
Although this list aims to go in depth for deep learning, I have gathered a small list of resources for these three pre-requisites.

### Programming
* [Learn Python The Hard Way](https://learnpythonthehardway.org/python3/)  
  In contrast to its own name, this book teaches python in a straightforward and to the point way.


### Math
* [Mathematics for Machine Learning Specialization - Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/mathematics-machine-learning)  
  This specialization covers the basics of mathematics needed in deep learning, including linear algebra and multivariate calculus.  


* [Practical Statistics for Data Scientists, 2nd Edition](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/practical-statistics-for/9781492072935/)  
  This O'Reilly book covers some useful concepts in statistics and probability, and their implementation in both R and Python programming languages.  



### Machine learning
* [Data Science from Scratch, 2nd Edition](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/data-science-from/9781492041122/)  
  This book covers different aspects of working with data, including visualization and modeling. What makes it different from the rest is that it tries to avoid pre-written tools and aims to expose the reader to the underlying concepts first. This gives the reader a deeper understanding of data science which will become handy when things get harder :)  


* [Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow, 2nd Edition \(First part only)](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/hands-on-machine-learning/9781492032632/)    
This is probably the most famous book for machine learning, and for good reason. It both covers the theory and practical aspects of the game. It consists of two parts: the first covers classic machine learning and the second half is focused on deep learning. The first half is the only part you must undergo before starting your deep learning journey.



## Part two: deep learning basics
#### Online Courses
* [Deep Learning Specialization by deeplearning.ai](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/deep-learning)  
This specialization is probably the best place to start learning deep learning. It consists of 5 courses and covers from the foundations of artificial neural networks up to natural language processing and computer vision.

* [Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow, 2nd Edition \(Second part)](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/hands-on-machine-learning/9781492032632/)  
Yes. This book gets mentioned twice. But this time, it's about second part of the book. It can be either a starting point for your deep learning journey or a complement to the coursera specialization mentioned above. Both choices are reasonable.


## Part three: we need to get deeper
 -- soon --
